<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA 1.2 Reference//EN" "reference.dtd" [
]>
<reference id="reference_95a222a3-0e46-42b7-abd1-3c762aba128b"><title>Get Asset Details</title><prolog><author>Linda Castellani</author></prolog><refbody><section>
      <p>This API returns details on a particular asset.</p>
      <table id="table_9cfacfb7-0b32-44c4-8730-549d1b8af8c1" frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1"><tgroup cols="2"><colspec colwidth="1*" colnum="1" colname="c1"/><colspec colwidth="3.08*" colnum="2" colname="c2"/><tbody><row><entry><b>METHOD</b></entry><entry>GET</entry></row><row><entry><b>Request URI</b></entry><entry>{{metadataurl}}/v2/assets/{assetUid}</entry></row><row><entry><b>Sample Request URI</b></entry><entry>{{metadataurl}}/v2/assets/CAMERA-STG-HYP1042-CAM-L</entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table>
    </section><section>
      <title>Query Parameters</title>
      <table id="table_953eead5-e3ce-4d1f-9479-b163f9255f7c" frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1"><tgroup cols="4"><colspec colwidth="1.35*" colnum="1" colname="c1"/><colspec colwidth="2.55*" colnum="2" colname="c2"/><colspec colwidth="1*" colnum="3" colname="c3"/><colspec colwidth="2.88*" colnum="4" colname="c4"/><thead><row><entry>Parameter</entry><entry>Description</entry><entry>Required?</entry><entry>Filter Values</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry>assetUid</entry><entry>GE identifier for an asset.</entry><entry>Yes</entry><entry>For example, CAMERA-STG-HYP1042-CAM-L</entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table>
    </section><section>
      <title>Response Parameters</title>
      <table id="table_b17ad35e-4823-4112-8893-3e49050caaa4" frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1"><tgroup cols="3"><colspec colwidth="1.45*" colnum="1" colname="c1"/><colspec colwidth="1.05*" colnum="2" colname="c2"/><colspec colwidth="4.75*" colnum="3" colname="c4"/><thead><row><entry>Parameter</entry><entry>Data Type</entry><entry>Description</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry>description</entry><entry>String</entry><entry>Description of the asset.</entry></row><row><entry><parmname>properties</parmname></entry><entry>String</entry><entry>Properties of the asset. <dl><dlentry><dt>CENTER_GEO_COORDINATE</dt><dd>Not used</dd></dlentry><dlentry><dt>COLOR_TYPE</dt><dd>Black and white (BW) or color image.</dd></dlentry><dlentry><dt>HOMOGRAPHY</dt><dd>Not used.</dd></dlentry><dlentry><dt>IMAGE_SIZE</dt><dd>The height and width of the image in pixels.</dd></dlentry><dlentry><dt>VIEW</dt><dd>Calculated in degrees. (0-360) '0' is knot or initial value. </dd></dlentry></dl></entry></row><row><entry><parmname>assetUid</parmname></entry><entry>String</entry><entry>A unique identifier established by a customer or external resource. For example, CAMERA-STG-HYP1042-CAM-L to identify a camera.</entry></row><row><entry>parentAssetUid</entry><entry>String</entry><entry>A unique identifier assigned to the asset at the top of a hierarchical set of assets, in other words, the parent of a child asset. For example, a node is a parent asset, comprising child assets such as cameras or microphones.</entry></row><row><entry><parmname>eventTypes</parmname></entry><entry>String</entry><entry>Insert one of the following enumeration codes for a specific event type.<p> </p><dl><dlentry><dt><u>ENVIRONMENTS</u></dt><dd>Insert one of the following codes for a specific location type for <b>ENVIRONMENTS</b>: </dd></dlentry><dlentry><dt>PKIN</dt><dd>If you filter by PKIN, you receive a list of vehicles (identified by object-id) entering parking areas within the boundaries.</dd></dlentry><dlentry><dt>PKOUT</dt><dd>If you filter by PKOUT you receive a list of vehicles (identified by object-id) exiting parking areas within the boundaries.</dd></dlentry><dlentry><dt>PEDEVT</dt><dd>If you filter by PEDEVT, you receive a list of pedestrians (identified by object-id) exiting monitored areas with within the boundaries.</dd></dlentry><dlentry><dt>TFEVT</dt><dd>If you filter by TFEVT, you receive a list of traffic flow data.<p> </p></dd></dlentry><dlentry><dt><u>CITIES</u></dt><dd>Insert on of the following codes for a specific location type for <b>CITIES</b>:</dd></dlentry><dlentry><dt>ENCHG</dt><dd>If you filter by ENCHG, you receive a list of changed environmental conditions, such as temperature.</dd></dlentry><dlentry><dt>LIGHT_LEVEL</dt><dd>If you filter by LIGHT_LEVEL, you receive a list of assets that report illuminance sensor events within the specified bounded area.</dd></dlentry><dlentry><dt>OCCUPANCY</dt><dd>If you filter by OCCUPANCY, you receive a list of assets that report occupancy sensor events within the specified bounded area.</dd></dlentry><dlentry><dt>TEMP</dt><dd>If you filter by TEMP, you receive a list of assets that report temperature sensor events within the specified bounded area.</dd></dlentry></dl></entry></row><row><entry> mediaType<note>Get Media only works when you have access to Situational Awareness.</note></entry><entry>String</entry><entry>Insert one of the following enumeration codes for a specific media type.<dl><dlentry><dt>IMAGE</dt><dd>If you filter by IMAGE, you receive a list of images in JPG, PNG, or GIF formats.</dd><dd>Depending on the position of the camera, it will return the best resolution image available: either 320x240 for black and white or 1920x1080 for color.</dd></dlentry><dlentry><dt>VIDEO</dt><dd>If you filter by VIDEO, you receive a list of videos in H.264 format.</dd><dd>By default, the video length is 1 minute. You can use VLC player to open the video.</dd></dlentry><dlentry><dt>AUDIO</dt><dd>If you filter by AUDIO, you receive a list of audio files in MP3 or WAV format.  This is not supported in v2.</dd></dlentry><dlentry><dt>OTHERS</dt><dd>If you filtered by OTHERS, you receive a list of non-standard formats.</dd></dlentry></dl></entry></row><row><entry> assetType</entry><entry>String</entry><entry>Insert one of the following enumeration codes to filter by a specific asset type.<dl><dlentry><dt>NODE</dt><dd>Parent asset. </dd><dd>When you filter by NODE and a bounding box, you receive a list of devices attached to each node within the boundaries, such as a camera or microphone.</dd></dlentry><dlentry><dt>CAMERA</dt><dd>If you filter by CAMERA, you receive a list of all cameras installed within the bounding box.</dd></dlentry><dlentry><dt>MIC</dt><dd>If you filter by MIC, you receive a list of all audio devices installed within the boundaries.</dd></dlentry><dlentry><dt>ENV</dt><dd>If you filter by ENV, you receive a list of all environmental sensors installed within the boundaries.</dd></dlentry><dlentry><dt>OTHERS</dt><dd>If you filter by OTHERS, you receive a list of non-standard or unknown devices.</dd></dlentry></dl></entry></row><row><entry><parmname>coordinates</parmname></entry><entry>String</entry><entry>The GPS coordinates (latitude, longitude) for the referenced asset (identified by assetUid), such as <b>32.711653,-117.157314</b> to identify where the camera is installed. </entry></row><row><entry>status</entry><entry>String</entry><entry>Status of the asset that is recording the events.<dl><dlentry><dt>ONLINE</dt><dd>Collecting data.</dd></dlentry><dlentry><dt>OFFLINE</dt><dd>Not collecting data.</dd></dlentry><dlentry><dt>UNKNOWN</dt><dd>Unknown status.</dd></dlentry></dl></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table>
    </section><section>
      <title>Sample Response</title>
      <codeblock>{
  "description": "This is a CAMERA",
  "properties":
{
    "HOMOGRAPHY": "-0.00144262851012974,0.02453062516689878,64.20463131147713,4.028365976010364E-4,-0.006849374117427758,-17.9267206480953,1.23148222457587E-5,-2.093831593825796E-4,-0.5480243058217796",
    "CENTER_GEO_COORDINATE": "32.7116098:-117.1565843",
    "IMAGE_SIZE": "320:640",
    "COLOR_TYPE": "COLOR",
    "VIEW": "88.0"
  },
  "assetUid": "CAMERA-STG-HYP1042-CAM-L",
  "parentAssetUid": "NODE-STG-HYP1042",
  "eventTypes": [
    "PEDEVT"
  ],
  "mediaType": "IMAGE,VIDEO",
  "assetType": "CAMERA",
  "coordinates": "32.711628:-117.156618",
  "status": "ONLINE"
}</codeblock>
    </section></refbody></reference>