<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA 1.2 Reference//EN" "reference.dtd" [
]>
<reference id="reference_81ac3b61-68e8-4ae6-8f5b-d9d07d5c0882"><title>Get Location Details</title><prolog><author>Linda Castellani</author></prolog><refbody><section>
      <p>This API returns details on a particular location.</p>
    </section><section>
      <table id="table_9cfacfb7-0b32-44c4-8730-549d1b8af8c1" frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1"><tgroup cols="2"><colspec colwidth="1*" colnum="1" colname="c1"/><colspec colwidth="3.08*" colnum="2" colname="c2"/><tbody><row><entry><b>METHOD</b></entry><entry>GET</entry></row><row><entry><b>Request URI</b></entry><entry>{{metadataurl}}/locations/{locationUid} id}</entry></row><row><entry><b>Sample Request URI</b></entry><entry>{{metadataurl}}/locations/LOCATION-STG-323</entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table>
    </section><section>
      <title>Query Parameters</title>
      <table id="table_953eead5-e3ce-4d1f-9479-b163f9255f7c" frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1"><tgroup cols="4"><colspec colwidth="1.35*" colnum="1" colname="c1"/><colspec colwidth="2.55*" colnum="2" colname="c2"/><colspec colwidth="1*" colnum="3" colname="c3"/><colspec colwidth="2.88*" colnum="4" colname="c4"/><thead><row><entry>Parameter</entry><entry>Description</entry><entry>Required?</entry><entry>Filter Values</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry>id</entry><entry>GE identifier for a location.</entry><entry>Yes</entry><entry>For example, LOCATION-STG-323</entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table>
    </section><section>
      <title>Response Parameters</title>
      <table id="table_b17ad35e-4823-4112-8893-3e49050caaa4" frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1"><tgroup cols="3"><colspec colwidth="1.48*" colnum="1" colname="c1"/><colspec colwidth="1.07*" colnum="2" colname="c2"/><colspec colwidth="7.88*" colnum="3" colname="c4"/><thead><row><entry>Parameter</entry><entry>Data Type</entry><entry>Description</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry> locationUid</entry><entry>String</entry><entry>A unique identifier established by a customer or external resource for a specific location within the monitored area. For example, LOCATION-STG-323.</entry></row><row><entry> locationType</entry><entry>String</entry><entry>Insert one of the following codes for a specific location type:<dl><dlentry><dt>RETAIL STORE</dt><dd>RETAIL-STORE consists of retail stores within the boundaries.</dd></dlentry><dlentry><dt>OTHERS</dt><dd>OTHERS consists of non-standard location types within the boundaries.</dd></dlentry><dlentry><dt>TRAFFIC LANE</dt><dd>TRAFFIC_LANE consists of two GEO coordinates indicating a trip wire in traffic lanes within the boundaries.</dd></dlentry><dlentry><dt>WALKWAY</dt><dd>WALKWAY consists of two GEO coordinates indicating a trip wire in pedestrian walkways within the boundaries.</dd></dlentry><dlentry><dt>PARKING ZONE</dt><dd>PARKING_ZONE consists of four GEO coordinates of non-demarcated parking spaces within the boundaries.</dd></dlentry><dlentry><dt>PARKING SPOT</dt><dd>If you filter by PARKING_SPOT, you receive a list of demarcated parking spaces within the boundaries. (Not applicable in v2.)</dd></dlentry></dl></entry></row><row><entry>parentLocationUid</entry><entry>String</entry><entry>The unique identifier assigned to the parent location comprising the locationUids within the monitored area. </entry></row><row><entry>coordinatesType</entry><entry>String</entry><entry>GEO indicates that the coordinate type is GPS.</entry></row><row><entry> coordinates</entry><entry>String</entry><entry>The GPS coordinates (latitude, longitude) for the referenced asset (identified by assetUid), such as <b>32.711653,-117.157314</b> to identify the location of the camera. </entry></row><row><entry>city, state, country, zip code, timezone, address</entry><entry>String</entry><entry>Physical location information.</entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table>
    </section><section>
      <title>References</title>
      <p>You may need to access the GE Current Swagger sites to better utilize the APIs.  <ul id="ul_b6c4f613-658c-4b0d-bd42-8bf8cb4ddadb"><li>Click on <xref scope="external" format="html" href="https://ie-cities-media.run.asv-pr.ice.predix.io/v2/swagger-ui.html"/> to access the Rest endpoint Media Service API Swagger site.</li><li>Click on <xref scope="external" format="html" href="https://ie-cities-metadata.run.asv-pr.ice.predix.io/v2/swagger-ui.html"/> to access the Rest endpoint Intelligent Environment Services API Swagger site.</li><li>Click on <xref scope="external" format="html" href="https://ie-cities-events.run.asv-pr-pub.ice.predix.io/v2/swagger-ui.html"/> to access the Rest endpoint Intelligent Environment Event Services Swagger site.<p> </p></li></ul></p>
    </section><section>
      <title>Sample Response</title>
      <codeblock>{
  "locationUid": "LOCATION-UNIQUE-ID",
  "locationType": "PARKING_ZONE",
  "parentLocationUid": null,
  "coordinatesType": "GEO",
  "coordinates": "30.328164456985096:-81.65958708005638,30.32812646376904:-81.65959816387478,30.328148376658532:-81.65970123011935,30.32818656444743:-81.6596900624812",
  "city": "Sleeping Clove",
  "state": "CA",
  "country": "USA",
  "zipcode": "12345",
  "timezone": "PST",
  "address": "1234 Main Street",
  "analyticCategory": {
    "PKOCC": "PARKING",
    "PKOVLP": "PARKING"
  }
}</codeblock>
    </section></refbody></reference>